hi folks at the water's edge to the
first time lure fishing in this 2014
seasons couldn't steer something up
today it's what we call a duck pond
weather hardly any winds calm surface my
wife has been catching some carport no
strikes on lures so far just want to
display my newly made homemade spoons
and I call disc spools I've been doing a
couple of casts with these filming the
action now I want to give you a close
shot of these spoons okay well here they
are made from stainless steel sheet 50
millimeters in diameter the larger ones
the smaller ones are 30 millimeters in
diameter of 1.0 sheet and I've made
others of 70 diameter 70 millimeters
what I do not have them here tackle on
the rod number Griffin pointed out these
spoons to me found the link of vintage
Lewis made in Minnesota during the 1950s
I provide this link in the description
to this video and I saw this Lewis in
the lane on the side so I decided to
make a copy because I was a curious on
how they would work and swim and they
came quite easy to shape you see that's
just a disc don't or copped the copping
shouldn't be so much because then they
would turn over and flutter hook must be
fairly large in case the fish bites
crosswise so he would still hook up and
well you see of me quite a few and I'm
gonna fish them now and then and if I
should catch something on considering
about making a tutorial video about how
to make these at homes at home which
will be about copper sheet only because
stainless steel sheet is very hard to
work on at home I'm shaping them at my
work with industrial great power tools
but copper soft you could do it at home
shouldn't be a problem for the
experienced in color okay thanks a lot
okay maybe at this place I can get a
better view of these at disc spins this
particular one has been made of
one point five millimeter stainless
steel sheep so
wanna find out whether I could display
the swimming hat you see the way it
rocks back and forth as a very strong
we go
if this video is not going to turn out
well
I'd also do a
the boss top display
I hope you can see something
make quite a few of these schools
because the accent really convinced me
and what I found these 1.5 millimeter
thick ones they really stay deep by what
shallow volumes
I gotta make them off maybe only one
millimeter Seto
last one I guess you can see the action
quite well now
if you pull it fast that was it will
stop to wobble but dot upward or
downward so you should do
changing a tweet was changing cases
pausing it letting a job a salary it
again
so I'm pretty much pretty much convinced
that these would catch something
I was concerned that the big hooks might
fall was the leader when casting because
I need a fairly big hook because the
spoon is so wide is 2 inches wide 50
millimeters casting performance is not
that good
it's still manageable
main thing is that it doesn't tangle or
fouls to either okay here's a smaller
version of this disc school
millimeters in diameter of 1 millimeter
stainless steel sheet
so let's see if I could capture the
action
you see it rocks very nice at the slow
speed
rocks back and forth
you can retrieve the spoons very slow
but could steer something up today
and sexes are very reluctant my wife
caught a few carp over there but only
because he was lucky to meet the bunch
two other anglers here they are blank so
far
anyway I love these schools
if I would get the last piece that they
would catch some him someday I probably
make a tutorial how to make these at
home
disk schools I call them
that's not easy to display
but the
- lens diameter ones they really stay
deep
so do skew casts was this small one
and then I'll switch lures to crankbaits
or something I'm very sure that one day
I would catch on these this you see this
small one runs very shallow
if you speed up the pace it will turn on
its back and glide
so as I said before you should change
the cases of retreats to get an
attractive swimming pattern
okay thanks a lot for watching folks
hopefully I could show you
fish attached to these spools on me okay
thanks bye life